_publications/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1.md, before:

---
title: "**ChartQAPro: A More Diverse and Challenging Benchmark for Chart Question Answering**"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 3. The number 4 is left for future work.'
date: 2025-04-07
venue: 'ACL (Findings) 2025'
slidesurl: ''
paperurl: 'https://arxiv.org/pdf/2504.05506'
citation: 'Masry, A., Islam, M. S., Ahmed, M., Bajaj, A., Kabir, F., Aaryaman Kartha*, Laskar, M. T. R., Rahman, M., Rahman,
S., Shahmohammadi, M., Thakkar, M., Parvez, M. R., Hoque, E., & Joty, S. (2025). Chartqapro: A more diverse and
challenging benchmark for chart question answering. https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.05506'
image: "/images/ChartQAPro-1.png"

---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.

Commit message:

Update publication details for ChartGemma paper

_publications/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1.md, after:

---
title: "**ChartGemma: Visual Instruction-tuning for Chart Reasoning in the Wild**"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2010-10-01-paper-title-number-2
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 2. The number 3 is left for future work.'
date: 2024-07-04
venue: 'COLING 2025 industry track'
slidesurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/slides2.pdf'
paperurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/paper2.pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2407.04172'
citation: 'Masry, A., Thakkar, M., Bajaj, A., Aaryaman Kartha*, Hoque, E., & Joty, S. (2024). Chartgemma: Visual instructiontuning for chart reasoning in the wild. https://arxiv.org/abs/2407.04172'
image: "/images/chartgemma.png"

---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
